pkgSRC.md, before:

# Package Sources for Maneki Neko Package Installer


For review and reference.

| Web Browsers | Sources                                          |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------ |
| Firefox      | pacman, flatpak                                  |
| Chromium     | pacman, Flatpak                                  |
| Brave        | AUR, Flatpak, apt (by adding brave's apt repo)   |
| LibreWolf    | AUR, Flatpak, apt (by adding Librewolf apt repo) |

| Media Players | Sources              |
| ------------- | -------------------- |
| VLC           | pacman, flatpak, AUR |
| MPV           | pacman, flatpak, AUR |

| Office Suites | Sources                                                                         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ONLYOFFICE    | apt (wget the .deb file and install it), flatpak, AUR, _not suggested_ AppImage |
| LibreOffice   | pacman, flatpak, apt, _not suggested_ AppImage                                  |

| Text Editors | Sources (how to install)                            |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------- |
| StratMacs    | **You Tell Me @stratmacs_maintainer**               |
| StratVIM     | **You Tell Me @stratvim_maintainer**                |
| VSCodium     | apt, (vscodium.com apt repo), official AUR, flatpak |

| Misc Programs  | Sources                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Atril PDF      | apt, pacman                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| Evince PDF     | apt, pacman                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| GitHub Desktop | apt, (wget .deb file and install), AUR                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Obsidian       | apt (wget .deb file and install), AUR, pacman                                                                                                                                                         |
| GSConnect      | https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/wiki/Installation#standard _gnome shell extensions program must be preinstalled_ also _browser extensions have to be installed seperately_ |

Commit message:

added error handling code, messageboxes now carry theme setDefaultTextEditor now cre8s and uses empty files in tmp directory instead of home directory

pkgSRC.md, after:

# Package Sources for Maneki Neko Package Installer


For review and reference.

| Web Browsers | Sources                                          |
| ------------ | ------------------------------------------------ |
| Firefox      | pacman, flatpak                                  |
| Chromium     | pacman, Flatpak                                  |
| Brave        | AUR, Flatpak, apt (by adding brave's apt repo)   |
| LibreWolf    | AUR, Flatpak, apt (by adding Librewolf apt repo) |

| Media Players | Sources              |
| ------------- | -------------------- |
| VLC           | pacman, flatpak, AUR |
| MPV           | pacman, flatpak, AUR |

| Office Suites | Sources                                                                         |
| ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| ONLYOFFICE    | apt (wget the .deb file and install it), flatpak, AUR,  ~~AppImage~~ |
| LibreOffice   | pacman, flatpak, apt, ~~AppImage~~                                  |

| Text Editors | Sources (how to install)                            |
| ------------ | --------------------------------------------------- |
| StratMacs    | Custom install Script: installs nvim using pacman and git clones the stratvim configs to the users .config directory              |
| StratVIM     | Custom install Script: installs emacs using pacman and git clones the strat configs to the users .config directory                  |
| VSCodium     | apt, (vscodium.com apt repo), official AUR, flatpak |

| Misc Programs  | Sources                                                                                                                                                                                                 |
| -------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| Atril PDF      | apt, pacman                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| Evince PDF     | apt, pacman                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| GitHub Desktop | apt, (wget .deb file and install), AUR                                                                                                                                                                  |
| Obsidian       | apt (wget .deb file and install), AUR, pacman                                                                                                                                                         |
| GSConnect      | AUR, https://github.com/GSConnect/gnome-shell-extension-gsconnect/wiki/Installation#standard _gnome shell extensions program must be preinstalled_ also _browser extensions have to be installed seperately_ |


### Future inclusions

- Terminal applications
- Developer Tools, like Java compiler, JAVA runtime, CLANG compiler, NodeJS
- GPU Drivers installation (AMD/NVIDIA OpenSource as well as Proprietary drivers) on supported bedrock stratum
